c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DockPanel.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DockPanel.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WrapPanel.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WrapPanel.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Canvas.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\StackPanel.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Canvas.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\StackPanel.g.cs
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Canvas.baml
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DockPanel.baml
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\StackPanel.baml
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WrapPanel.baml
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Canvas.g.cs
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DockPanel.g.cs
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\StackPanel.g.cs
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WrapPanel.g.cs
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MyWindow.baml
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MyWindow.g.cs
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.baml
F:\001\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Canvas.baml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DockPanel.baml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MyWindow.baml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\QQlist.baml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\QQListBehind.baml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WrapPanel.baml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.baml
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Canvas.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\DockPanel.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MyWindow.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\QQlist.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\QQListBehind.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WrapPanel.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_Content.g.cs
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
F:\资料\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
